#player  
Paladin
God is [[Malar]]



# Opening
Within your dreams, you felt the growl before you heard it. A deep rumble in your chest. You heard no words. The pounding in your ears. The taste of blood in the air. The thrill of the chase. You blink and you are in a city, crowds passing you by without so much as a glance. You recognize it as a small city called [[Clovermore]]. The crowds part and your gaze lands on a figure. The one you’ve been hunting. Your lips quirk into a grin but before you can move to attack, you wake.  
You prowl the streets of Clovermore looking for any sign of him. He must be here. At a tavern you sit at a table, watching the coming and goings, waiting. After a few hours of drinking and waiting, a hulking figure approaches. They ask what you’re doing here. You try to explain away your presence, but they aren’t convinced. Before you can react, you feel something strike the back of your head and you are swallowed by darkness.

# Backstory
Caliues au Vespien, Master of the Hunt For generations, House Vespien hunted the monsters that lurked beyond civilization's reach. Slavers, Beats, fiends, and all the things under the bed. they all learned to fear our name. we started as heroes some still are but over the centuries, something changed. The hunt ceased to be our duty and became a desire. Without my ancestors we no longer asked whether the quarry deserved death, they only asked whether it was worthy of the pursuit. The line between justice and entertainment blurred until it vanished entirely. the prey changed but the hunger always remained. Then one day something answered the hunger. Malar, the god of the hunt turned his gaze to the house of Vespien, he saw what we had become approved. we were no longer hunters protecting civilization. she blessed our blood line with boons of senses and instincts. His gifts elevated House Vespien to prominence. Nobles sought our services, kings purchased our loyalty. It was to late when we realized his gifts were an infection. With each generation it festered. Caliues has faired better then the rest of his family but not unscathed, for after each hunt the thrill faded quicker, the normal victories hollow. everything predictable and tedious a hole that could only be filled by something dangerous. something that could fight back, something intelligent, somethin capable of turning the hunt into the hunted....men

the chase is the only time Caliuse feels alive. when every heart beat quickens and the quarry slips my grasp. ever narrow escape, every carefully laid trap. I've spent my life searching for prey capable of making me feel fear. Then i was offed a contact from a broker I've worked with several times before. He was a useful man to know, the sort who could always find work for those willing to get their hands dirty. This time the job was different, the target was a man known as (who ever the fuck elis name is) the broker claimed (eli) had become a liability. He had crossed the wrong people, uncovered secrets better left buried, or simply outlived his usefulness. The details shifted depending on who was telling the story. which only made me more suspicious. The deeper i investigated the less the contract made sense. (eli) was a dangerous, resourceful, well-connected, and with a body count high enough to fill a grave yard. Hunting him would never be easy. eventually i realized the truth he was never a simple bounty, my broker knew that he would not go quietly and that the hunt would draw blood and attention. he had chosen me because he knew exactly what i was: a hunter incapable of walking away from a worthy hunt. In the end my broker knew two things, one that even if one of us survived we would have destroyed each other and two, that as soon as he offered me the bounty the hunt had already began.